welcome to the movie spider-man
homecoming
after the battle in new york adrian
tombs and his rescue company are
contracted to clean up the city
but their operations are now undertaken
by the department of damage control dodc
at this time television also reported on
the joint venture between stark
corporation and the federal government
tombs was angry at being kicked out of
the business
he convinced his staff to keep the
shitori technology they had picked up
eight years later they used it to make
weapons and then sold it for profit
tombs used a suit with mechanical wings
forged from shittory technology
at this time peter parker made a small
video as a souvenir
they gave him an upgraded spider-man
suit
parker put on the suit and stole captain
america's shield then threw it at him
when peter parker meets mr tony stark he
invites parker into the stark internment
camp
and parker was brought into the avengers
by stark to help resolve an internal
dispute in berlin
but parker continued his education at
the mateau school of science and
technology
here parker has his best friend named
ned
at this time parker accidentally met a
senior liz and parker fell in love with
her
during class parker researched his
spider silk
parker withdrew from the school's
pentathlon team
to spend more time focusing on his
crime-fighting activities as spider-man
when school was over parker jumped
through the school gate to get out
outside of classroom hours parker is
spider-man and he hovers around the
street
at this point parker saw a bicycle
robber
parker stopped him and hung him up with
spider silks not seeing the owner of the
car he used a pen to make notes on the
paper
parker even showed an elder the way
parker then called happy and reported on
his activities today
that night parker discovered masked atm
robbers
robbers use modern weapons and get money
easily
at this point parker went in to confront
the robbers
this time they used modern weapons to
attack parker
it didn't take long for parker to defeat
the atm robbers
then the store opposite also caught fire
parker jumps inside and saves people out
and when he went back to get the
backpack parker had lost it
then he went back to the apartment
although parker had cleverly entered the
house by the window
but his best friend ned eventually
discovered his secret identity
parker tells ned to keep it a secret
especially not to tell aunt may if aunt
may knew she wouldn't let him do it
anymore
ned agrees to keep parker a secret
while the two of them were having dinner
news of the atm robbery was broadcast on
television
at this time aunt may said to parker if
you encounter such things you should
turn around and run
the next day ned is always curious about
spider-man who is also parker
even during class ned asked parker can
you spit venom summon spiders
and how far can you shoot the spider
silk
during pe class after listening to liz's
conversation ned accidentally said that
parker knows spider-man
flash comes over and tells parker it's
going to be interesting you should
invite your friend spider-man 2.
because ned had accidentally told parker
to know spider-man that night the two of
them went to liz's party together parker
is now mocked by flash in front of the
crowd when they don't see spider-man
appear
parker then changed into a spider suit
to appear as a guest
but he accidentally detects an explosion
in the distance
and parker decided to leave liz's party
to find out about the explosion
at this point parker stumbles across
tombs associates who are selling weapons
to local criminal aaron davis
parker shows up and is knocked away by
him but parker still managed to follow
their car
while trying to chase the car tombs
appeared in a vulture suit and caught
parker and flew away
the automatic parachute in spider-man
suit opened
and made parker fall into the lake
parker nearly drowned after getting
stuck in a parachute
fortunately star came to the rescue in
time
stark then warned parker not to get
involved with the criminals
parker then picked up a weapon that
tombs group had dropped
at this point tombs got angry and told
them how many times have i told you not
to open fire in public
then tombs kicked him out of the team
next he said to tombs for what i know
let's see if you dare to fire me
then tombs accidentally killed him with
one of their weapons
and make schultz the new shocker and
tombs asks him to find the lost weapon
at this point parker and ned researched
the weapon they picked up
parker removed its power core
at this point a pulse detector of
schultz's energy led him to the school
parker and ned were lucky to escape
at this point parker quickly attached a
tracking device to schultz's body
parker and ned stayed up day and night
just to monitor schultz's device
schultz's tracker told him he was
stopping in maryland
the next day parker rejoined the
pentathlon team
and he accompanied them to washington dc
for their national tournament
that night ned and parker disable the
tracking device that mr stark wears in
his spider-man suit
and at the same time unlock its advanced
features
after leaving the room liz asked parker
to go swimming together
but parker refused
parker then jumped down from above and
hitchhiked the cars on the road
and parker finally reached the
whereabouts of the arms dealers
at this point parker is still not quite
proficient with the advanced features of
the suit
parker wasn't familiar with web shooting
devices
at this moment tombs began to appear and
anchor on the last truck to break into
the interior of the vehicle
when he got inside tombs took a lot of
weapons there
however tombs was stopped by parker from
taking the weapon bag
but parker got stuck inside the car
when he tried to get out he hit his head
on the top of the barrel and passed out
when parker regained consciousness he
found himself in a warehouse of the
department of damage control
parker tried to pry open the door to get
out but couldn't
at this time he uses spider silk as a
resting place
when locked inside parker was always
exploring the features of the suit
parker discovers the power core is a
shithori grenade
at this point parker took the phone to
call ned to talk about this but he did
not answer
by this time parker had missed the
pentathlon
ned then went with the group to the
washington monument
at this point when everyone climbed to
the top floor the bomb began to explode
and caused the elevator to stop working
at this point parker tries to climb as
fast as possible
parker tried to use all his strength to
break the bulletproof glass to get
inside
parker also arrived in time and caught
the elevator while it was falling
parker saves them including his
classmates
and liz who he secretly loves
parker tells ned that the guy with the
wings is stealing from the bad guys and
he's taking what he steals to make
weapons
at this point michelle said she just
likes to come here to draw people in
crisis
then she pulled up a drawing
parker then returned home and used the
suit to review the entire firearms sale
that day
thanks to the suits features parker
found the location of aaron davis
parker went to davis's place
and convinced him to reveal tomb's
whereabouts
but davis didn't know anything about
tombs but he knew he was going to do a
deal on the statin
parker then rushed to the staten ferry
islands to stop the transaction
at this time parker sent the baby
spiders to find a white pickup
here is a complete collection of all
weapons both buyers and sellers
at that moment mr stark called and
praised parker
but parker lied to mr stark that he was
practicing music then immediately turned
off the phone
and he appeared before them using spider
silk to control them all
at the same time the fbi also appeared
and told everyone to lie down on the
floor
at this moment tombs appeared in a
vulture suit and rushed towards parker
at this time tombs held a gun and shot
wildly at the fbi and parker
parker then used his spider silk to grab
tomb's gun
tombs left the damaged weapon on the
ship and escaped
but this weapon was so dangerous that it
tore the ship in half
parker tried to use his spider silk to
keep the ship from splitting in two but
his spider silk could not hold the ship
mr stark suddenly appeared to help
parker save all the passengers on the
ship
and mr stark also used his technology to
mend all the broken parts of the ship
mr stark warned parker that because of
his recklessness he almost killed many
people
mr stark confiscates parker's suit as a
punishment for his recklessness
that evening parker sadly returned home
and parker told aunt may i got fired
from my internship at stark
aunt may then comforted parker as well
the next morning parker went back to his
high school life
parker meets liz soon after and
confesses to her
and parker invites liz to the dance of
his hometown
on the night of the dance parker
discovers that tombs is liz's father
parker was shocked but he still acted
natural
when tombs was driving he was always
probing parker and asking parker what do
you plan to do when you graduate
but parker said i'm only a sophomore
suddenly liz mentioned spider-man in
front of tombs
at this time tombs discovered that when
parker is not there there will be
spider-man
when it came to the dance tombs told liz
to go inside first so he could instruct
parker
tombs threatened parker saying don't
meddle in my business
if you do i will kill you and the people
you love
during the dance parker realizes tombs
is planning a hijacking of a plane that
transports weapons from a vendor's tower
to the team's new headquarters
parker then left the dance
and wearing the spider suit he made
himself
as schultz was about to shoot parker ned
shot his weapon with spider silk
at this point parker used spider silk to
shoot him up on the car
now parker borrows flash's car to chase
them
parker then asked ned to track his phone
and contact happy immediately
parker asks ned to see where his phone
is now
ned finds his phone stopped in the old
industrial area of bloatly
at this moment parker alone broke into
toombs's residence
when parker went inside to meet tombs he
activated the vulture suit
tombs for the suit destroyed the
supporting columns of the building and
caused parker to be buried under the
collapsed building
now parker thought of mr stark's words
if you don't have the suit or nothing
you shouldn't have it
this time parker proves that even
without the suit he can still get out
when the plane took off tombs used the
vulture suit to follow
but he didn't know that parker was also
following him
at this time tombs broke into the inside
of the plane
this time he copied the flight room
feedback signal
parker was outside trying to stop the
plane
at the warning signal tombs was angry
when parker ruined his business again
suddenly tomb suddenly rushed over and
pulled parker with him
he then repeatedly attacked parker on
the stealth plane
parker saw the plane about to crash into
the big city
parker then used his spider silk to fly
the plane down to the beach near coney
island parker fell away
and the plane also caught fire when it
went down
tombs continued to attack parker shortly
after
he stepped on parker with his foot and
punched him in the face
he then still tries to get the weapon
crate while his wings are about to
explode
parker tried to stop him now but he
wouldn't listen
at this time tomb's vulture suit
exploded shortly after
parker ran over and saved him from there
parker next left tombs to the police
with the goods there
after liz's father was arrested she and
her mother decided to move elsewhere
at this time happy went to meet parker
in the bathroom
and happy tells parker that mr stark
wants to see you
and parker was taken north by happy to
meet mr stark
mr stark now shows parker the spider-man
suit
and invite him to the superhero squad
but parker declined stark's invitation
so he can stay underground for a while
longer
and before leaving parker asked mr stark
if it was a test and no one was behind
mr stark said yes and you did mr stark
then returned parker's spider-man suit
and parker put on the spider-man suit as
soon as aunt may walked in
the film has come to an end thank you
for your interest and watching
this is the end of the movie see you in
the next movie
thank you for watching the movie